I'm back, Mother.
Where have you been so late?
I went to the Yoyogi
I was on a plane and I was on my way back home.
I was 20 years old.
I was a woman and I was flying high.
I was wearing a five-piece dress and I was wearing a black dress.
I don't know if I'm a Showa or a Ryu.
I hate dangerous things like that, Mother.
You shouldn't have done that.
You're a woman of the present.
You're trying to work out.
You're trying to be a sportsman.
I want to be a world-class athlete.
You shouldn't have done that.
You should have done well, but you'll fall down.
You should have gotten a good boy.
You should have shown your grandson's face.
You're talking about that again?
I don't have a single good son.
I have a radio antenna.
I have an IG and a house band.
What kind of bread is that?
Is it jam bread or butter bread?
I'm getting old.
I'm not getting old.
I have a son.
Who decided that?
I did.
You're a mother.
Is it legal to decide your son without consulting your mother?
Your mother's research is very serious.
You shouldn't be serious.
You're playing a prank on your father's forgiveness.
Your mother's forgiveness is a lie.
Modern women don't want to be involved in their parents' love.
They choose their husband based on their own ideas.
There's no choice.
What kind of husband do you have?
He's a good person.
He's got a good personality, good education, and he's got a good family.
He loves me very much.
He's holding my hand tight.
If I can't marry you, I'll die because I'm bored even if I live.
I've been inspired by that.
If I can't be with you, I'll die because I'm bored even if I live.
Let's die together.
Anyway, we are in this world...
You're an idiot.
Do you have anyone who says that in front of your parents?
I'm not saying that you're a coward, but you're a coward because your mother listens to you.
You're a questioner.
That's why your daughter hates you.
Your mother wrote a letter to you saying that you were not good at writing.
Your mother is very conscious of that.
Now she writes, I love you.